Write May update blogpost (#460)
solidusio/solidus-site: source/blog/2021-06-08-this-month-in-solidus-may-2021.html.erb.markdown

### ...And a Few More for Everyone Else!

The community has also been hard at work on a few improvements and bugfixes:

- Stock location sorting had been inadvertently broken in a previous change, but Ikraam Ghoor from
  Nebulab was kind enough to [fix it!](https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/pull/3954) Thanks, Ikraam!
- The [ItemTotal](https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/pull/3431) promo rule is now easier to extend
  and customize, thanks to Elia Schito from Nebulab!
- API attributes have been [moved to a configuration option](https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/pull/4039),
  which makes it easier to customize them without running into any autoloading issues. Thanks to
  Stefano Nada from Nebulab!
- In rare cases, it was possible for two store credit instances to have the same authorization code,
  if they were generated at very close moments in time. This was [fixed](https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/pull/4060)
  by Andrea Longhi from Nebulab!
- A validation on customer returns would break when the return did not have any items. [This isn't the
  case anymore](https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/pull/4068), thanks to Willian Veiga!

> - A bug was preventing admins for settign the reason for return items. The issue was found and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug was preventing admins from setting the reason for return items. The issue was found and 
```
